# Learning progress from the fastai course

In this post I am going to share my learning progress from the fastai course and also my understandings of AI

1. TOC
{:toc}

## Resnet-18
ResNet stands for "Residual Network," and Resnet-18 is a specific convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture that belongs to the ResNet family of models. ResNet-18 is one of the lightweight of the ResNet architecture, with a total of 18 layers.

Parameters:
weights (ResNet18_Weights, optional) – The pretrained weights to use. See ResNet18_Weights below for more details, and possible values. By default, no pre-trained weights are used.

progress (bool, optional) – If True, displays a progress bar of the download to stderr. Default is True.

**kwargs – parameters passed to the torchvision.models.resnet.ResNet base class. Please refer to the source code for more details about this class.

## Natural Language Processing
Natural language processing (NLP) is an interdisciplinary subfield of linguistics concerned with the interactions between computers and human language, in particular how to program computers to process and analyze large amounts of natural language data. The goal is a computer capable of "understanding" the contents of documents, including the contextual nuances of the language within them. The technology can then accurately extract information and insights contained in the documents as well as categorize and organize the documents themselves.

Challenges in natural language processing frequently involve speech recognition, natural-language understanding, and natural-language generation.

## Random Forests
In tabular data some columns may contain numerical data, like "age," while others contain string values, like "sex." The numerical data can be directly fed to the model (with some optional preprocessing), but the other columns need to be converted to numbers. Since the values in those correspond to different categories, we often call this type of variables categorical variables. The first type are called continuous variables.

By randomly choosing subsets of the training set from which to train the embedding trees, the random forest classifier minimises variance by averaging the predictions of its numerous constituent trees. Therefore, in both instances, the random forest classifier was used to do the prediction analysis.


